# Access Control (ACL)

1. **When is Basic Authorization used vs. Bearer Authorization?**

Basic access authentication is a method for an HTTP user agent (e.g. a web browser) to provide a user name and password when making a request.
Bearer authentication (also called token authentication) is an HTTP authentication scheme that involves security tokens called bearer tokens.

2. **What does the JSON Web Token package do?**

JSON Web Token is a standard used to create access tokens for an application. It works this way: the server generates a token that certifies the user identity and sends it to the client.

3. **What considerations should we make when creating and storing a SECRET?**
- Don't store unencrypted secrets.
- Store secrets safely.
- Restrict API access and permissions.

## Vocabulary Terms
## Encryption
Is the method by which information is converted into a secret code that hides the information's true meaning.
## Token
In general, a token is an object that represents something else, such as another object (either physical or virtual).
## Bearer
The name “Bearer authentication” can be understood as “give access to the bearer of this token.” The bearer token is a cryptic string, usually generated by the server in response to a login request. 
## Secret
Used by the OAuth Client to Authenticate to the Authorization Server.
## JSON Web Token
Is an Internet standard for creating data with optional signature and/or optional encryption whose payload holds JSON that asserts some number of claims. The tokens are signed either using a private secret or a public/private key.
